README.md, before:

# ENGG1340 Group 87 Course Project

## Problem statement

Implement an accounting/budgeting system for personal financial tracking and management.

## Problem setting

Assume that the program would be installed for each user only, in a secure directory in the user's personal computer.

Hence:

* Minimum security would be needed for the database of the software, hence plain-text file should work.
* Only data from 1 user is needed to be taken into account, there is no need to handle multiple database at once.

### input/output specifications

1. iomanip is used to print out the financial report, taxation report and daily transaction report more clearly
1. iostream is used for basic I/O
1. fstream is used for saving and loading the record
1. database.h is used for custome operator(e.g. when using cin>> Entry it will input the account, cateogory, amouny and remark)
1. date.h is used for custome operator(e.g.when using cin>> Date it will inout the date, month and year)

### Basic functions

1. Add and removal of records of income and expenses;
1. Basic information per each records (amount, date, types of income or expense and account);
1. Allow the user to delete and edit records at any time;
1. Present the records after filtered/sorted by the metadata;
1. Provide statistical report of user's financial state as summaries;
1. Allow budget setting and alert for each types of income.

### Proposed extended functions
1. Allow setting of automatic records (ie salary, fixed expense);
1. Allow the user to load and save the record
1. Help the user to estimate the tax he needs to pay in that year.

###Code requirment

1. dynamic memory management() in Database, Entry transaction, DayRecords all memory are freed after end the programme 
1. File input/output in Saving and loading 
1. Data manipulation binary search is used in Day seraching; insertion sort is used for appending new days;
1. multiple file database.h, date.h... is available 
1. naming style Google c++ naming style
1. In-code documentation main.cpp database.cpp date.h

Commit message:

update README for compilation instructions

README.md, after:

# ENGG1340 Group 87 Course Project

## Compilation and Application

To compile the program, type `make build` in the root directory (where the Makefile exists), intermediate object file will be stored in the `build` directory, a clean executable file named `engg1340-gp87-q4` will be compiled in the `bin` directory.

A example saved database named `testcase 1.txt` is also included for testing the function, it can be loaded when starting the program and input the filename when prompted.

The database is set up for testing all functionalities (i.e. report, tax, advance filtering and sorting)  included in the program, showing different alerts for budget from January to April, detailed instructions would be provided within the interface of the program.

## Problem statement

Implement an accounting/budgeting system for personal financial tracking and management.

## Problem setting

Assume that the program would be installed for each user only, in a secure directory in the user's personal computer.

Hence:

* Minimum security would be needed for the database of the software, hence plain-text file should work.
* Only data from 1 user is needed to be taken into account, there is no need to handle multiple database at once.

### input/output specifications

1. iomanip is used to print out the financial report, taxation report and daily transaction report more clearly
1. iostream is used for basic I/O
1. fstream is used for saving and loading the record
1. database.h is used for custome operator(e.g. when using cin>> Entry it will input the account, cateogory, amouny and remark)
1. date.h is used for custome operator(e.g.when using cin>> Date it will inout the date, month and year)

### Basic functions

1. Add and removal of records of income and expenses;
1. Basic information per each records (amount, date, types of income or expense and account);
1. Allow the user to delete and edit records at any time;
1. Present the records after filtered/sorted by the metadata;
1. Provide statistical report of user's financial state as summaries;
1. Allow budget setting and alert for each types of income.

### Proposed extended functions
1. Allow setting of automatic records (ie salary, fixed expense);
1. Allow the user to load and save the record
1. Help the user to estimate the tax he needs to pay in that year.

###Code requirment

1. dynamic memory management() in Database, Entry transaction, DayRecords all memory are freed after end the programme 
1. File input/output in Saving and loading 
1. Data manipulation binary search is used in Day seraching; insertion sort is used for appending new days;
1. multiple file database.h, date.h... is available 
1. naming style Google c++ naming style
1. In-code documentation main.cpp database.cpp date.h
